We'll move on to the final group of the
day.
Here
we come to the final group of the day.
It is Yan versus Nova.
And in the air,
drop the catch.
Two beautiful runs in the first bowl.
First ball. Two runs. Nova has won the
toss and they've choose to bowl first
straightly towards the long fielder that
will be taken two runs as well. Good
running between the wickets for the
first two balls.
Excellent towards the longoff again.
Just a single this time. The power
travels real quick.
I
White signals from the Empire.
Just a quick single to add on.
Last ball of the over
in the air and it is so beautifully
taken. First wicket to depart in the
first over. 741.
Wanker Rahavan has to depart.
The lights are off.
The play interrupted a two bad flight.
Play just interrupts for a few minutes
due to bad light.
The lights are back.
By end of first our team score is seven
for one. Sunil K and Pravin Satya
towards select side. Just a single being
grabbed.
1.1841.
This will be the final group. Lot of
matches being played today since
morning.
Expecting that Kip would to get the
ball.
Switch it.
again. Play interrupts for some moment
somewhere.
The lights are back. The play is back.
If in case the ball is bowled in the
middle and the power cuts, that will be
considered as a dead ball.
Both the sides have the liberty to
appeal for it.
in the air.
Two runs being grabbed. Last ball of the
hour.
There will be no runs to that wind of
two over team score is 12 for one.
Auto
SP
for one.
Just a single run conceded.
Third over in action.
There will be chance for a second run
and he's going for it in the danger and
is the wicket keeper's end. Oh, the
direct would have been gone.
towards select side. Sorry, offside.
Just a single conceded
in the air again. Just a single. That's
the area where ball turns usually.
towards
there is no chance for it.
That's a beautiful boundary.
Will be the first boundary in the third
over. First boundary of the innings
basically.
White signal level.
Extra run. Government run. Free run
towards the deep.
and
given the two runs comfortably.
Three overs 24 for one. By end of three
overs, team score is 24 for one.
in the gap. That should be
some restricted but couldn't continue
that boundary for
they will be happy with that boundary.
There's no run there.
Beautiful.
That's a sixer.
What a magnificent way to bring that
six. The first six of the innings.
Beautiful to bring that sixer.
yet again so beautifully. That's a
boundary for added.
They're just raining with the boundaries
in sixes right now.
Just a single run conceded and that
should be
and they got that overthrow somehow.
Last bowl of the innings
towards the left side. That's just
flowing.
Bind over score is 41 for1.
a small disturbance over there.
Just spinal over into the action.
Beautifully
dry.
Beautiful.
Which means they are in the average
score.
Oh, danger.
Two beautiful extra runs.
Very mindful. That was very mindful from
batting team actually.
Three fours and one sixes. Beautiful
batting.
And they keep running over.
You have to tighten it. You keep leaking
those runs. Pressure
beautiful towards the offside. That
should be a single run. Can they go for
that second?
They're always ready for threat over
throw. Batsman are very mindful with
that
last two balls 51. And they've crossed
that 50 line.
Very few teams have crossed 50. This is
in the air and put on as well.
Going for that second run comfortably.
Yes. Oh, that that's a beautiful effort.
That got just stuck to the ground
because of which he had to do that extra
drama out there. Beautiful.
That's top-notch effort for your team.
That is what you can do at the end of
the day. Stay till the end. Get
everything that you can and just stay
till the last ball.
Last ball into the action. 5341 it is.
And they're just drained out. Probably
is drained out for a moment and go for
the second run. Any overthrows that will
be a discount and in the end has to lose
that wicket.
54 it is 55 runs will be the target. Not
every team are able to score 50 runs.
55 will be the target Oh,
I would request the fielding team to
please move on. Sir, we have four more
matches today. Please do cooperate with
us.
Four more matches to be done.
Please don't waste time.
a time of 55 runs in the five. That's a
big score under the lights.
55 and five overs
and
the two batters.
a quick single to start the proceedings.
Sir
Mark Ji
facing Krishna.
Very good delivery.
Require rate of 11.57 per hour over
54 in 28.
Another big
miss.
That's the scoreboard pressure. Now it's
12. Two ons of every ball. 2754.
My ball.
The score moves on to two
in the air. Let's
put it down. A miss coming a chance for
also goes down.
A chance at the strikers and a chance at
the non strikers and 52 total. Score
moves on to four.
Well, that's a very good home for runs
into the squ region. Brilliant boundary
much needed for Nova. Score moves on to
eight.
Another
hit but equally well fielded.
End of first over. The score moves to
nine runs.
Oh, that's a slow one. He's completely
mischaran.
very good bowling this is uh he's
keeping it very simple
just giving away two runs in this Huh?
A fumble there which allows a couple of
runs.
end of the over.
Two overs, 13 runs.
Record 42 in 18, 14 runs per over.
13 runs on border.
Two overs, 13 runs.
Thomas.
Slight misfield. Will there be a run
out? Yes, it is.
Jerry is out.
Open
up.
for answer.
A very good charter.
Who answer?
Another single.
19.
What?
ball.
Oh, that's a lot. Brilliant thinking
from the wicket keeper there.
third over in progress. 21 for two.
Couple of deliveries left in this over.
Score is 21 for the loss of two wickets.
Floranza
with this the score moves to 23
deliveries 32 runs. So
now for 3 hours the score is 24 runs
required. 12 volts, 31 runs, 15.5 for
over.
Well, it will be tough but nothing is
impossible in cricket.
2 hours over 30.
You get two sixes in the over. You are
still in the match.
And that will be pretty straightforward
with a single.
Just a single
Straightly towards the keeper. That's a
wicket.
10 balls. 30 required.
Quick single will be a quick single and
has to race for the double. No. Oh, what
are you doing?
That's totally a misjudge and
miscommunication from the two batsman.
has to lose the wicket.
Not any runs are there.
Eight balls, 29 runs. It's becoming more
and more difficult for them.
Another daughter
under the lights. I think batting is
much much more difficult.
Fans
a valiant effort
25 and five.
I request the next two teams will sir.
Both the team captains please be ready.
Four balls, 25 runs, four sixes.
Another one out.
Two goals, 24 runs.
Four more runs.
35 one ball 21 answer sir.
I request the next two teams to please
be ready. We will be starting the match
immediately after this match.
We're running short of time. Please do
cooperate with us.
35 to win this by 19 runs.
So Aon won the match by 19 runs. Next
match is Vis and Hen.
Both the teams be ready.
I would request
Hen and Willis to please get going with
the game. We're running short of time.
Four more matches yet to happen.
Please do cooperate with us.
Ajin and Willis.
I would request the batters to please
get on to the ground please. Uh likewise
uh the fielding team Holland to please
set your field. We are running short of
time. Please do cooperate with us. We
have three more matches after this.
There's a lot many matches left today.
Hen versus Willis. I would request both
the Willies batters to please get onto
the field.
Will team Will team send your batsman
please?
Money, money and CC. Money and CC you
are required here.
Money and CC.
The next match is between Harden and
Williz.
Two new teams of the final group.
So, here we go. the 1st January.
Excellent.
Right signal.
Huh?
Beautiful.
Good delivery. Good comeback deliveries.
Nothing from the bat yet.
Willies have won the toss and they have
to they have opted to bat first.
White signal from the umpire again.
Starting off with few extras
yet again. One more wide.
Not something you expect to start with,
but things like this happen
towards the offside.
Short third man gets it. Just a single.
3 440.
change in the field.
covers comes in
towards the middle of just a single run
being considered.
Quick single
and a wide given as well.
Lot of plenty of extras.
only two runs of the vat and it's five
wides.
India. there and lands out of the roof.
Sixer.
What a magnificent strike that was
towards the leg side on the square leg
region.
That was very juicy ball for the batsman
and he takes over.
End
of first over team score is 1440.
behind
the first over team score is 1440. A lot
of whites a sixer. It has reached 14.
towards the side and they have to keep
chasing that. That will be a boundary.
It's a no ball
delivery yet again. A juicy delivery
coming in front of you.
towards the back side
and in the fine leg region. Shot fine
leg will come into the action and just
gives that single
And that was very very
that ball was being made undesigned for
the left-hander towards the left side
and he picks it towards that fin region
boundary.
Rams are just flowing here.
And
but still we'll take those students.
Beautiful. Comfortably take on those
students.
towards the left side.
They have the production over there.
Just a single
And again, well made towards the final
leg region.
Boundary four runs added. The runs are
just flowing.
Probably if it continues like this, they
will be the highest score out of the
tournament. But again, it's very early
to decide
in the air. [screaming]
Oh, that's totally dropped. One more
fielder left to drop the catch.
One failed, the second one failed, the
third one somehow picked it up.
I just sometimes wonder if it's a
mistake with the ball or the fielders.
Two hours 33 for zero.
The end of two team score is 33 for
zero.
Just a single
birth ballers until now have been very
costly
and batting beautifully is Abijet Siklar
again goes towards the fin region that's
tough over there to stop.
Get those students comfortable. That
should be comfortable. That slowed feel
will always allow you to take the second
run. No doubt on that.
And it's Nick D. Let's go right at the
moment.
Abijit Sigar
has to depart
and he departs.
Very unfortunate
batted so well stayed till almost third
over and has to depart.
And the Wardrop's there
without moving much.
Last ball of the over.
This over has completely
brought some control. Rohan Chandra the
baller with a wicket just three runs
conceded. Final delivery.
Will he complete well?
Oh,
and that's a good delivery.
That's completed. Overs are completed.
Third over is completed. 36 for one.
wide delivery.
Two back to back wise pressure on the
baller.
That's a dot delivery
towards the mid wicket and is calling
for the second run.
should be quite comfortable because
there's a slight fumble from the field
over
trying to cut that. Still not successful
with the cut.
That was in the air.
And a quick single. One run taken.
The end of four over steam score is 41
for one.
That's a quick single and we'll go for
the second run. Comfortably takes that
final delivery. You are 49 for one. One
run short of 50.
Not every team is able to score 50. If
you have scored 50, you're in the safe
zone for sure.
49. You've not scored 50. Okay, that's
well fine. Target will be 50.
50 runs will be the Get
Check, check, check.
Five overs, 50 required. Exactly. 10
runs per over required.
50 runs required. and five or
Check Check.
Check. Check. Check. Hello. [cough]
Hello.
Here we go.
Starting off with a dot.
First ball. And it's a dot.
towards the off side wide.
Extra
towards the gap. Thirdman and the
fielder just fumbles there.
Will be easy to run.
to allians.
And that will be a beautiful boundary
for runs.
down the leg side wide.
That will be wide. Next run.
Easy
and a quick single. Can they get that
double? Beautiful. The fielder lay down
but still was able to give a perfect
throw to the baller.
Beautiful.
That's a good delivery. End of first
over. Sorry, just one more. One more
ball remaining. Sorry for that.
Beautiful delivery. Last year,
they've got that almost 10 runs in the
first over. So, we have to wait and
watch.
That's a good delivery.
No doubt on that.
They quite a few of them.
He goes for it and straight into the
fielder's hand and he drops it.
Quick single he gets and a life as well.
That's a good delivery
side again. Umpire was not interested
anywhere with any extras.
towards the off side.
Ballers and was dangerous and for few
seconds
somehow covered by the batsman.
39 required in 20 volts.
And this is in the air. Square left
fielder without making any mistake takes
the catch. Provoc has to depart.
Two hours completed. Wind of two team
score is 11 for H.
That's a biggie.
Much needed for Ha.
With this the score moves on to 20.
Third over in progress.
required now 1315
Daniel
Raguendra 2 Daniel
or trying
switches here.
14 29
most of the matches.
Oh, another good shot
into the vacant region. The final
region's been vacant.
Four more on
this. The score moves to 25. Now they're
upon running in the third over.
They were just 11 of two overs.
Now they move on to 25 14 of this over
13 balls 25 runs
1325. Hey,
13 balls, 25 runs.
in the air.
Oh, falling short of the fielder there.
A brilliant throw.
End of
three overs 26. The equations is simple.
12 balls, 24 runs.
Two runs of every ball. That's 12 runs
per over.
This over has pulled something back. for
Harden. The first two overs was
completely vis.
couple of good deliveries.
Hardly a single runner.
Oh,
of
the keeper. One more to the total.
Radhiba
excellent bowling. He's just given away
three runs from his nine deliveries with
a wicket. I think he's a game changer
for Willis.
Good. Two more added to
score moves on to 30. Require
20 of
end of four overs. A very good over
require 15 and six. Will this go to the
last ball? Will this be a thriller?
I think uh most of the matches have been
won by the batting first here. Will they
change this? Holden require 15 and six.
last over. Six balls, 15 runs, sir.
White ball.
The starter with the wide 14 of six.
Oh, what a good shot. The assessor to
the extra cover region boundary all
important boundary
trend required
five deliveries
the master Stevens here.
No ball.
Free hit. That's pressure.
Four. Five balls. Nine runs.
Oh, that's a miss. A free hit
ball of free hit.
Four balls runs.
Oh, a cheeky shot.
A misread.
Three boys.
No ball. Okay.
No ball.
White ball. That's a complete pressure.
Three extras in the last three
deliveries.
Three balls, five runs.
It's still even Stevens.
Three extras. How possible will this be?
A very good shot.
Will there be a boundary? Yes, it is.
Four runs piercing the covers on point.
Four more runs. What a change over. As I
said you this is the first match that
stays down since afternoon.
Four more runs now.
One required now.
Two balls.
Oh, what a turn over. What an innings
from Daniel
and Rohan. They won this for the team.
Daniel and Rohan Chandra
chasing this down with one ball to
spare.
The next match is between Nova
and Willis. I would request both the
captains
to be very please. We have three more
matches.
Please do cooperate with us. Captain of
Willies and Nova, please come forward to
us.
Uh the next match is between the vill
and Nova. I request of both the team
captains to please be ready. We have
three more matches. Please do cooperate
with us.
I will request both the teams to please
come out of the field.
Nova has won the toss and Willis will
bat first. Okay, the three it's a three-
game. Nova versus Willis. Nova winning
the toss selecting to bat first.
No nova has won the toss and will bat
first. Nova winning the door to free
first.
Okay done
selected to free first.
I would request both the teams to please
get on to the go sir. We have two more
matches after this. Please do cooperate
with us.
No chasing
three
Vis
versus Nova.
Willis
in the air. Oh, [screaming] put it on.
Then gets quite difficult in the lights
without practices. Huh. Quite a
challenge to take the catches under the
lights. Couple of runs added. The score
moves on to three runs.
Aijit gets a lifeline.
Oh, he's making up for the chance that
is given to him. A drop catch previous
ball. A huge success. Next ball. Our
clears the park.
Oh, he's making a merry of uh
[screaming]
this uh another clear, another big one.
A drop catch resulting in 14 runs.
Catches win matches. The most important
line has always been told.
A good batsman given a lifeline making
the best use of it.
Four balls, 15 runs.
A fumble there, but uh
another fumble.
16.
Back to the bowler.
One over 16 runs.
Over. Number two.
B is first on the team. Second over
Three over gamer.
The winner of this match has a
lifeliner. The loser of this match a
straightaway go of the tournament.
Oh, good shot.
A midfield.
Four more runs. The fielding has been
sloppy. They've dropped a few catches.
Uh ground fielding.
They're missing the balls.
They're not supporting the bowling
department.
The fielders need to pack the bowlers.
Very good fielding. This is what is
needed. The fielding department has to
back the bowlers.
Over number two going on 22.
Very good hit.
Well fielded.
You had to cover a lot of ground there.
24.
compared to the first over a decent
second over just nine of this two overs
25 runs but I think winners will be
really happy with the score somewhere
around 35 to 40 is a very challenging
total 30 plus is challenging 35 plus is
actually a a winning score. With the way
things have been going in this ground,
it's not that easy chasing under the
lights.
Nak
with a different uh
action
night.
Sloppy from again from the keeper
yielding in a by the score moves to 27
2.2 22 27.
Oh, finally
the catch.
Abijit departs after scoring a well-made
of just nine deliveries with two sixes.
He's made them pay for it.
three more deliveries,
27 runs, one wicket.
But this is comparatively a very good
over the final over. Nyak
just giving away one run and picking up
a wicket.
world.
Just a single
White ball. Uh
two more runs. Uh
but still a pretty decent over. Just
five of this over.
The way Will started uh they would be a
little bit disappointed. They've just
scored 31
last ball.
Oh, extra.
These are uncalled for already three
runs from extras which look to be a very
good over. Now three extras 32
another
by they end up with 33 of three. That is
exactly 11 runs per over.
33 runs, three overs.
Now they need two
34.
A target of 24
request and how captains to please come
for the tasks. How and captains please
do
join the main stage for the task for the
next match.
How and
So, call the howen.
Call the howen.
Call the howen captain. Subu.
Subu.
Howen won the toss
the All
for the next match. Harden has won the
toss. They elected to bowl first.
We'll start with a magnificent boundary
that definitely brings in energy to the
team.
towards
side that's going but again for the
batsman the stand up and run that was
difficult over there.
White signal.
And what a magnificent way that is
traveling
somehow survives inside boundary.
Two balls and already six runs. They're
going good right now.
Required run rate is 10.5.
Excellent. That is very good.
Six runs of first three balls.
slightly kissing the wickets, hitting
it. And it's gone.
Galia Lendo
one bounce to the fielder. Just a single
in the air.
Oh,
unbelievable. That's Andre. Four runs.
The ball was in the air. Fielder was
just playing around with the ball.
A single
in the air.
One bounce to the failure.
Just a single
1.4 14 for one.
And it's clean. Bowled.
Another wicket to lose.
No run.
20 runs required of six deliveries.
Hold
on.
And Will is with the match.
So we are up for the next match versus
has won the toss and they will bowl
first.
It's a four-our match.
Yan team, please send your opening
batsmen on the ground.
Please please send your opening batsman.
So the next match starts now between and
Guys, please update the scoreboard
between and
The two teams uh the two winning teams
Howen and Yon
White ball.
The winner of this match straight away
goes to the quarterfinals.
The seventh quarterfinals will be from
this winner.
A very good shot. Swept it across
to the fin region. Brilliant boundary.
Provin Satya
of the mark with the boundary. One cut
for
a sweep on a miss.
Oh, that's a run out.
I don't think so. There was a couple of
runs there.
Miscalculation from the battersing
in a run out.
Culture.
The end of first over
how
Two runs
score goes to 10 over number two in
progress. 10 runs won by Ka Provin
Satya.
One more run.
Over number two.
in the air.
Oh, what a good catch.
Under lights is not that easy to take
this high catches, but he made it look
so simple.
A very good catch,
Daniel.
Brilliant catch. This is from him. Not
easy as I told you under the lights. He
made it look so easy.
One more wicket done.
Two overs,
14 runs,
three wickets.
A very good shot. Four more runs.
Sunel.
Very good shot.
Oh, that's some
One more wicket goes on in form of
pancering
Rohan Chundra.
Two wickets in the over in front of
Monair.
The last five now
After all those monkeying, there comes a
brilliant stylish
shot over the cover region for a
boundary. Civil
with a couple of boundaries. Three overs
from the last fight not that they've got
28 on board. the last crucial over and
they get around 12 runs to put the score
on to 40. 40 would be a very decent
score something a fighting score. I
think they need 40.
Three overs.
28 for
3.3 35 for six
36 in the fourth over.
A short delivery
into the weekend region. That's up and I
told you 40 would have been a very good
score on this wicket. They've got the
41 runs they wanted 12 of this over.
Still a ball remaining
the
sun
from a very decent score. The last ball
will they make this count of boundary
would put them to 44. I think that would
be a better score to defend on this
wicket. 40 already.
Four is much.
Over ball 41 now
in the air.
Couple of runs.
Two more runs.
But this is the end of 43.
Four overs 43 runs. A target of 44 with
a required rate of 11 runs per hour.
Four overs 43 runs. Target 44.
44.
Howen requires 44.
Winner of this match are straight away
to the
The winner of this match straight away
goes into the quarterfinal. The loser is
going to play Willies in the next match.
It is a threeway match
to decide the final quarterfinalist.
Two slots remaining. The winner of this
match and the winner of the next match.
Hello. Check. Check.
Target is 44. Here we go.
Harden versus Ion.
Harden
has the target of 44 on the board.
Almost a filler towards the off side.
Just a single
and the umpire gide.
Go
and
fining
for the no ball
but again umpire is not interested.
Straightly
and batsman has to depart. Rohan Chandra
38 in 21. 38 runs required in 21
deliveries.
and him towards the fine leg. Short fine
leg fielder will come into the attack.
Quick single
And excellent cut. Beautiful [screaming]
boundary.
Excellent. Towards the offside
towards the point. Forward point.
Perfect.
Perfect stroke.
Italian.
No ball kit go straight away.
That will just be a single free hit
delivery for sure.
Height. No ball. Okay.
Free hit. Free hit.
That's a good delivery.
Something to use as a weapon in the
power play.
The end of first over team score is 14
for run.
30 in 18 balls. 10 runs required per
hour.
Over
and straight away is
boundary.
And on the shot there that will be
impossible to reach again. One more
boundary.
They're just getting closer. 22 runs and
16 balls.
One bounce over the rope.
This is getting interesting.
And you have to be careful.
You have to be very careful.
And an overthrow to come. Everything
that could happen
and
they are just happy right in the moment.
We just going to watch this.
One wicket. One wicket
tomorrow.
You got to be very careful about things
here.
Let's wait and watch what's going to
happen here. Last two overs.
Hello
Quick single.
It's getting closer and closer.
10 runs to 10 volts. 12 runs required.
Easy singles are pretty enough. Oh,
directed
unfortunately. What beautiful is that
backup?
towards the straight way.
This is a complete shock on team. 11
runs required. Okay. Seven runs required
in eight balls.
into Chandrai. They've made it very
easy. Now,
you got to give that credit to Prahakar
and do [screaming] and it is taken.
John is done. You got to applaud for
that man. Prabhaka
44 and he did the job for the team.
Okay. Apologies. Jiran is the one who
has departed.
And that is taken again. Ladies and
gentlemen, don't go anywhere. You still
have the match here.
We still have the match.
Now I will have the final over.
Seven runs required of six balls,
seven runs and six deliveries.
Let's wait and watch what's going to
happen.
Seven runs and six deliveries. We have
the final six deliveries on the go.
The field is set.
In the strike is Daniel
and that is a boundary.
That man literally set that fielder over
there which has never come to use.
That is more away from squareish. He
picks the boundary and these people How
harden are marching into the victory.
Three runs and five balls
wide.
And it's totally slipping away.
Two runs and five walls.
Wide. Somebody manifested it and it's
happening.
Unfortunately the man
one final run
and it will be easy for them.
Glan on the opposite end Praakar
probably has that cramps over there.
Please watch out for that man. He should
be carried. He should not walk. He
should be carried. He is the hero now.
28 of 13
with five force.
DJ DJ music. DJ
DJ, stop the music. Stop the music.
So we are heading towards the last match
of the day. It's between Vis and Aon.
And Vis has won the toss and elected to
bowl first.
It's a three over match. Play
accordingly guys. Try grade should be
300 plus
one. Congratulations
out team. Congratulations team.
We are starting with the last day, last
match of the day.
batsman. Batsman
on team
Batman.
Hello. Hello. I will request both the
batters and the village fielders to
please get on to the field. Sir, the
last match is already 10:00.
We're ready for the final match of the
day. Hey team,
please send your two batters on the
field.
I request please both the batters please
get on sir sir let's move on with the
game sir please it's already late we
should have closed by 10:00 we're
already running late
sir another 15 20 minutes they're going
to off the lights please make sure we
cooperate with the ground authorities
They've all helped us a lot in this
tournament.
It was 10:00 was the last cut off time,
but we only one matched behind. Please
do cooperate with us.
The last match of the day. Willis
on. I would request the battles to
please get on to the field. Sir, we
already telling you by 10 we should have
wind up the tournament.
It's only 10:00 now. We still a match
behind.
Please do cooperate with us, sir.
The last match of the day. The winner of
this match seals the last quarterfinal
spot. Will it be Willis or will it be
Ian?
What's Sir
Awkward
single
post
won't run.
A good start from Willis
Praep. They're go to bowler.
They're from Carbola.
Very good stroke.
Slight fumble,
but nothing costly.
Just a single over one. Three over
match. Just 18 balls.
A very wave
four.
A welcome boundary. Just two from the
initial balls.
Now a boundary six of with one ball
remaining.
Wanka Dragon National
the two batter is
three over game ultra super format
ball and a first over the score is
sense.
First over six runs.
Over number two,
Ragavendra
to hold the second over.
Very good.
Four more runs.
Oh, a beautiful running between the
wickets. This is what smart running.
Will they make it three? No. But uh very
quick running between the wickets. These
two
Wat and Sel are setting up a very good
partnership. The score is already to 14
now.
Three over game. Ultra super format. The
short end version just 18 balls. You're
going to finish this in a brink of an
eye.
Very good bowling.
Left hand bowlers.
Goldest in this format.
in the air
for answers.
1.518
15.
Wankach
another good shot.
The running has been brilliant.
These two are lightning between the
ground.
Two more runs with this. The score moves
on to 20 of the end of two overs.
Two overs. 20 I think. Uh
another 10 to 15 runs in the last over.
That will what Yan will be looking at.
Williams want a
decent over something below seven or
eight runs
a most crucial over the match. The final
over 20
wank and
wide ball.
Arun Kumar
starts off with the wide
21 on board. Two overs.
a very good fielding
run out. Yes, that's a very good
feeling. He saved three runs to the
ball. Teo picked up a wicket, too.
Run shot two.
Zero runs of this for
Oh, what a good piece of feeling that no
runs because it was a run shot there.
Another piece of uh great bowling there.
The battle of Provin
the last strikers end.
Oh, one more slow one.
One more wicket. Oh, Arun Kumar. What a
handy over this is bringing for him.
He is pulling it back for Willis in this
over.
First over it was Willis. Second over it
was now Willis having the upper hand.
Three deliveries just one and two
important wickets. 21 for two.
Sunil.
Oh, one more brilliant delivery.
A good shot.
Four.
Sell hitting a crucial boundary.
After four good balls, a boundary of the
fifth delivery. With this, the score
goes on to 25.
Last delivery.
The winner of this match seals the last
quarterfinal spot. Another
good hit. Another
home.
So they finish the innings very well
with the moment scoring two goals in the
last two deliveries. The score moves on
to 29. A target of 30. 3 hours 30 runs.
30 runs to be chased.
30 runs.
Check, check, check.
30 runs required in three overs. Let's
wait and watch what's going to happen.
Will it be release or will it be
on
and straight away towards the fielder.
What a way to start the innings. The
jersey number 18 over there makes the
catch and serves a stream with the entry
danger.
30 runs and 17 balls.
It's an excellent way to start the
innings.
reversing
side
single.
Excellent towards select side again
dealing in singles Oh,
Excellent delivery.
Totally an excellent delivery.
Voila. Come back in.
Lot of things happening in the first
over. It is 4 volts and 241.
Almost up for the stumping.
First bounce given.
Excellent over. Totally an excellent
over from Shafi.
By end of first over team score is 241.
The damage is already done.
The first over is completely in the side
of Aon.
Balor is Pravin.
It's very important right at this
moment.
Excellent
towards the left side.
He was looking for the second but he
doesn't take it. Beautiful.
27 of 11
side
just a single
in the air. [screaming]
The bowler himself goes for it and drops
it the crossly. It is crossly
but yet again they're bowling very
tight. So
they're bowling very tight. 24 of N
24 required of 9.
in the air again. Straightly marching
towards the boundary. But again, you
have the prediction.
And they're not running between the
wickets. And now they're confused where
to go. Which end where was I?
Beautiful.
22 runs required and six balls. Jon has
the upper hand now.
and literally that Bales threw that
himself away.
Bales were just taken off so eagerly
to make on win.
22 runs and five balls.
Excellent. A quick single. That should
be B.
Excellent fielding. That is exactly what
you need at the moment. just put the
ball inside.
Beautiful display of fielding of that
shows that dedication that here you are
here to qualify
towards side again to the fielder
straight away backup. Day one are
planned,
well planned and well executed in the
end of the day.
20 runs in two balls.
Straight away Bales almost 30 yard
circle.
Bales have almost reached 30 yard circle
there.
And Yon team has reached quarterfinal.
That will be the end of the day. The
final team to reach the quarterfinals is
AON. Tough luck, Willies.
Better luck next time.
Thank you for the day.
End of day one.
Check. Check. Check.
See you guys tomorrow.